thanks Amy
everybody it's going to take me a couple
of minutes to get used to my voice over
the speakers and and also being in front
of so many people with so much light
going on in front of me the session is
is is relatively packed with stuff so I
was just talking to Amy about being able
to fit it in the amount of time that we
have in here I hope that we can do that
in time the session talks about
quicktime pro and i like to know first
of all who has not purchased quicktime
pro nobody one person over there kind of
like shy going now okay so everybody a
lot of you guys have have purchased
quicktime pro have you guys actually
been working quickly with quicktime pro
in terms of doing maybe minor editing to
your movies and that kind of thing well
that's definitely some of the things
that we're going to talk in this session
another things that I want to talk in in
this session is using quicktime pro in a
professional workflow now last set last
year I made a presentation at quicklime
life similar to this one where the motor
was going free or going really cheap and
trying to produce media with just the 30
bucks that you put into quicktime pro
and this year the motor is quite
different this year is you've got
quicktime pro you've got final cut pro
you've got live stage pro you've got all
of the pro apps you've got DVD Studio
Pro and I guess that some of it is is
talking about my experience with
quicktime pro i often tend to gravitate
to quicktime pro to do minor things
instead of having to boot up Final Cut
Pro wait for the whole thing two pounds
on my powerbook I just do it in
quicktime pro go off go off really
quickly so that's kind of like the idea
of this session I'm still going to talk
about the typical the typical minor
editing features of quicktime pro and
another thing that i do want to cover
today is is the deployment site where
you can use quicktime pro to compress
stuff i'm going to talk about it briefly
but some of some of the other relatively
obscure sections of exporting which
some of them have to do with quicktime
VR I don't know if anybody has used
quicktime VR or expert at any quick time
here has anybody actually ate in expert
quicktime yard for quicktime pro okay a
few of you so so hopefully it'll be a
surprise for for others there's also a
section that I want to talk about a DVD
Studio Pro situation anybody's using DVD
Studio Pro a bunch of you that's great
perfect and I'm sure that you have seen
this so this is what you guys will be
learning in hopefully interface
presentation the model was also produced
developed and deliver that's also being
for quicktime life and that's kind of
like the structure that i have here now
quick time is as you guys know people
think of quicktime has video and sound
but it's a bunch of other things there's
there's quicktime VR this flash this
graphics in QuickTime the extensibility
via a third third-party components like
excel or which other one I can think of
flash for example is a component of
QuickTime it's part of a mac OS which is
really really important and cecilia to
don't know why i put this thing at the
very bottom of the slide it should be at
the very top but it is cross-platform
and that's one of the major major things
about quicktime in relationship to other
platforms like windows media and real
even though the other guys are
cross-platform they certainly do not
compete in the cross-platform ability
when it comes to quicktime quicktime is
is almost identical on both platforms so
quick client is at the core of the OS
and this is a life that was released
when when Apple presented for the first
time the beta or the announcement of em
OS 10 and the reason why i'm using this
light is weeks at the bottom of the
screen is has quicktime which is pretty
much at the OS level now this is very
important and one side is one of the
most important things of a quick time
and on the other side is one of the most
difficult things to deal with quicktime
important thing is being in the OS level
that means that the developers can can
write an application without actually
having to deal with codex
or deal much with codex and and I'm
actually dealing with so many media time
on the other hand the the thing that is
sometimes negative is that the user must
have quicktime stuff to be able to watch
your content now the next one is is what
is quicktime pro and i'm certain that
most of you know that quicktime pro
pretty much when you buy the $30 license
you unlock the pro features of QuickTime
which for the most part unlock the
editing capabilities and a bunch of
other capabilities in the quicktime
player now how many of you knew that
when you buy the license of quicktime
pro you actually unlock capabilities of
preview anybody knew that nobody knew
that you knew that and and I think it
also unlocked the capabilities of the
windows application called picture
viewer I think it's the name and
QuickTime as most of the people think of
quicktime as a player like not you guys
but your clients or your customers and
it's not a quicktime player it is the
quicktime player it is the plugin it's a
huge architecture under the hood audio
and at the OS level and surprisingly
enough preview is part of quicktime pro
I like that one it's not many people
know that so the pro features of when
you buy the license of quicktime pro it
unlocks this these capabilities of the
player and it allows you to the first
thing that allows you to do is to import
medium to quicktime pro modify it an
expert so it has support for over 200
media types there's a few of those on
the screen you guys know that I'm going
to flip over here relatively quickly
because I have so much to cover so if i
can get the powerbook please the first
thing that I'm going to do is is it's a
very very very simple example and you
guys saw this this page yesterday on
apple site and I don't know if anybody
is like me I'm a total geek so I tend to
be constructing and the first thing that
I reconstructed is like oh is that a
QuickTime lawyer what the hell is that
well it's actually an image it's a j4
gif image depending on which part of the
world you come from
but check out what I'm going to do I'm
sure that some of you have done this I'm
going to opening a new window i'm going
to copy the URL of the of the image and
i'm going to go to the quicktime player
sorry i may be doing this too fast so Oh
wrong application I'm on the quicktime
player and you can get file openurl in a
new player and I'm just going to paste
the URL which I had done earlier and as
you can see it's a Jay Swarek is where
whatever you call them you click OK and
a quick time player will open up the
image now it doesn't play over here
that's basically we climb not playing it
but if I play it you get to see the the
Jeep animation which it's really cool
the reason why this thing is really cool
is because you can reuse media that was
deployed somewhere else for example in
this case I wouldn't do this because of
the whole copyright issue but I could
take that image and put her around my
pictures that I was trying to take of my
g5 so and make a slideshow out of that
and we use me that already exists in a
total different server for example in
this case so so that's one very simple
well very simple example so I'm going to
close that one do some housekeeping now
another typical thing that a number of
you guys have done and a number of
people want to do when they get to
quicktime is make a slideshow or turn a
bunch of images into a linear video or
into a linear movie and in this case
what i have here is a bunch of pictures
that I took up stop animation outside of
my window and it's I don't know I think
something like two minutes in between
the pictures or 45 seconds I don't
remember but in this case I have 75
pictures in the in the stop animation or
in the stop capture and what I'm going
to do is I'm just going to import them
into one linear movie which is just
going file there's this thing called
open image sequence and quicktime pro
tends to be quite smart by selecting
just the first picture as long as they
are sequentially named you can
open up the sequence so in this case is
asked you at what frame rate you want to
open up the image so if you render for
example 3d out of 3d max or whatever 3d
application and you just got a series of
images at 30 frames per second or 2997
frames per second or whatever you can
just choose the frame rate from here
surprisingly no there's no other field
but anyway most of the frame rates are
there in this particular case I'm going
to use 10 frames per second because the
duration of the slides other why should
we just fly over and I will be able to
see that the image sequence another
thing that I should warn you at this
point is that I'm going to be open
opening a bunch of images and a bunch of
documents I'm going to keep them on the
on this on the window or on the desktop
and and I'm going to come back to them
refer to them so hopefully I won't be
messing with your mind so much and so
here's animation the images are in this
particular case 640 by 480 which which
is what i got from from my camera and
when you play them it's actually playing
the stop animation so that's how the
clouds move that particular day you can
see a boat going behind Chris nice yeah
that was a sunny day in Vancouver so you
got to take pictures on that day
otherwise it goes away and many rings
and rings and rings okay so I'm going to
leave that one over there actually I'm
gonna hide it the next example is is
opening flash media and this is kind of
an important thing because again coming
back to the idea of working with
professional tools not just the free
tools how many of you guys are actually
working with flash media and deploying
flash video for example with MX or a few
of you guys well in this particular case
what I have here is a very basic flash
controller I'm not going to bother to
open up the the the fla talk you're
actually going to open up the Swift and
the way I'm going to do it is just by
dragging the Swift into quicktime player
now this particular Swift is a flash 5
version and this is a very very
important thing quicktime is one version
behind flash so quicktime sinks has
support for
five so if you have a flash amex
document and has MX only features it
will not open in quicktime six hopefully
hopefully the Apple guys will be able to
catch up with that but for the time
being that's not the case and what I
have here is is it it's just a
controller that as you can imagine kind
of like that the Julia Child's think
it's already precooked to match the same
duration as my slideshow and when you
click on the play button it planes and
you pause and rewind and that's just the
action scripting being in the flash
document as you can imagine what I'm
going to do later is I'm going to marry
this thing to the slideshow but I'm
going to leave it there right now what I
want to point out is the fact that I'm
opening the flash document with its
different states and its timeline in the
quicktime player now another thing is is
opening text in quicktime which is yet
another one of those 200 media types
that quicktime support and if you drag a
text document into the quicktime player
the quicktime player doesn't like it I
don't know if you guys can see at the
bottom on the screen but the quicktime
player is not highlighting but if this
is an OS 10 thing it's not a quicktime
thing so now it's same thing if you drag
and press on the option and apple key
that means force open so if i drag an
open you can see the quicktime player
the tiny quick nap restitution where you
can like on like this it's highlighting
so when I let go it's actually going to
force open the text document in the
quicktime player i could have just gone
file open select the document and
navigate to my nightmare of of hierarchy
to get the dog just drag and drop or
option Apple drag and drop would
actually force the quit force opening
the document and in this particular case
it's just a text document in Spanish one
of the things is that if you take a look
at the document itself each one of the
lines will be a sample and that sample
we have a duration of two seconds so so
that's how quicktime interprets text and
i need to close that one
now if I could go over to the slides
please I'm going to keep on going with
this life and as you can see we've done
a few importing into quicktime pro so
this is the part that that that I called
what was the Komodo game the first word
develop develop so this is where the
developing part comes in so if I can
just reach over to the PowerPoint slides
please or to the keynote slides rather
on the screen thank you very much and as
you can see these are these are the way
that I that I went over to drag an open
media in the QuickTime Player there's a
bunch of ways that you can do that and
of course quicktime will support the 200
and so documents and media times now
another thing that i wanted to talk
about is is the movie properties window
this will be properties window is it's a
very powerful window it has a really to
thalia to obscure interface i believe
but the way i use it is to learn and to
learn from up from somebody else so if I
could switch over back to the powerbook
please this is a real life example it's
a real life that I'm going to have to do
as soon as I get back to Vancouver I
compress this moving for a nonprofit
organization which they're making this
really neat really neat conspiracy thing
but I compress them in december of last
year and just before I I flew over here
they send me an email if I could
compress the movies for their final for
the final edit or for their new version
and what happens that I lost my cleaner
settings this thing was compressed in in
cleaner 6 and and i love the settings
like that i use back then so now i need
to grab my settings instead of trying to
fiddle around with my settings again i
can actually use the what the engineers
called the gene for window in the old
days used to be the info window now it's
called properties movie properties
window we
Apple J and with the properties window
you can learn a ton about your movie in
this particular case I'm interested in
learning what codec I use what settings
i use frame rate data rate window size
everything so i can replicate those
settings again and if you could look at
the movies here the worlds of last year
it's just a few seconds it looks quite
nice this is a 288 kilobit per second
version and and i don't remember my
settings and it's true i really don't if
you go to the i think it's in the
general section now general section will
tell you the battery and the file size
now I've got the video track selected so
now i can see that the batteries of this
movie's 31.1 kilo bytes per second now
clean air doesn't like skill upon the
default setting in cleaner is kilobits
per second so to figure out what i use
in cleaner i'm just going to multiply
that 31.1 times eight so i can get it
into kilobits per second and as you can
see the video has a data rate of roughly
248 250 maybe kilo bits per second now
what about the audio the audio is 4.8 so
i just need to do the same deal four
point eight times eight and that will be
around 38 I guess with my settings word
around 40 kilo bits per second so now i
can make a note of that going to cleaner
and enter those settings without without
having to fiddle around with the
settings that i that i forgot in the
video side of things or right in the
video if i go back to the video this
also format so as you can see i use
swords with video three so that was the
codec i use i did no use mpeg-4 i use
sorensen video three signs 320 x 240 so
pretty much i've gathered in my settings
for my video to go into cleaner and most
of the times you wouldn't be using your
own movies the way I i recommend you
guys doing it people ask how the hell do
you get a really great quality video
like the one on the QuickTime trailer
site well open up the movie figure it
out yourself
not that difficult and one of the things
that you going to notice in those movies
is that the framerate is 24 frames per
second watch out for that because their
source is film this case the sources
video so so when you see 24 frames per
second that doesn't necessarily mean
that you have to encode a 24 frames per
sec for that I recommend you go to bens
sessions for the pre-processing or for
the other in coding sessions where they
will talk about frame rates over here I
won't talk about frame rate so this is a
real life example of of how i use the
info window and by the way the same
thing on the audio side of things if i
go to the audio track I go format and
you can see in this particular case also
the sample rate channels and and and
sample size 16 bits q design those are
the settings that i should enter in
clean air 540 no 64 the next time i
encode the upcoming content now who uses
live stage pro v g home you're the only
one I'm really surprised you guys got to
check live stage pro there's this thing
in life stage pro you guys like you know
you guys know about live stage proach
the authoring tool to make interactive
quick times well I've got a very dumb
down an example here of an interactive
quicktime and it's a very dumb down
example just for this particular section
of the presentation it's a movie that
has two sprites that when you click on
the year it's just going to tell it's
actually just going to send what it's
called a debug string of the year that
the computer sends out and also the
quicktime version now for those of you
that are authoring or for those of you
who are actually you guys are should be
authoring with live stage pro when
you're doing your testing you should be
doing your testing on the user's machine
or on the playback environment should
not be using just the live stage for a
preview to see what you get this
particular case i'm going to get the
preview to show you what what it does if
i open up the debugger window this is
the debugger window this is my preview
and when i click on the year you're
going to see the year appears over here
and when i click on the quicktime
version live stage for a rather quick
time return the version of quicktime
that i'm using
which you can use to actually make a
decision of maybe showing a different
video or go this way or whatever but but
it's really cool to try anything in nine
states pro where it has a debugger
window but what about if you want to
play it out in your users environment
let's say that your movie should be
playing on the quicktime player well
there's this other thing actually need
to quit out of here this is the same
movie already expert us a QuickTime
movie and if you click on it nothing
happens because the text supposed to be
sent to the debugger Queen knowing live
stage pro over here there is no debugger
or so you think if I go to the gym for
window check this out if i go to my
stride track there's this other thing
called debug message messages which is
just a window that will actually show
you the last debug string that you sent
in live stage pro so if i click on the
year if i click on the year there we go
the year gets sent over there so you can
actually use this debugger window in the
quicktime player to test your moving out
and to send yourself messages see how
your movies performing and for anybody
that I getting to the authoring this is
super valuable most definitely okay if I
can go back to the slides please so in
this case we've seen how you can use the
info the gene for window and I love that
name to to get some information and
actually to learn from somebody else's
work and also to debug your work and
this is one of the things that you can
learn from the gym for window and some
of the information that we got right now
now produce content you guys know you
can edit media that you can mix multiple
media types in QuickTime composite media
this is a really neat and a really neat
one where you can actually do
compositing in real time and may attract
media you can use the keyword to
navigate in a quick time in the
QuickTime timeline in the player in the
quick
you can locate the plate bracket
whatever you want make selections and
get time stamps all from the keyword
these are the typical editing editing
shortcuts that you would use to make
selections to copy things to paste them
around I'm not going to show you all of
them basically because I'm going to get
more into the profs stuff and let me
show you a typical example here if I can
go back to them to the powerbook thank
you very much as anybody use squeeze
version 2 now okay squeeze I'm saying
squeeze version 2 because i don't i'm
not sure if it was fixed in version 3
but in squeeze two when you compress
your movies into quicktime or impact for
into whatever squeeze sometimes we drop
the last frame or the last two frames of
your video so if you have something
really important on your last frame
you're actually going to lose that frame
or you would actually going to lose that
frame and squeeze two so just to show
you a really simple editing feature this
is just a QuickTime movie a DVD file
that let's say needs to be compressed
with with squeeze two and you want to
just grab the last frame what I'm going
to do is I'm just going to go to the
last frame I always get confused between
these key commands there we go so that's
the last frame that's out of line II and
pressing on the shift key and the arrow
keys on the keyboard you can make a
selection and check this out for those
of you that you saw a spin see that
little selection there I just made a
selection of one frame which I want to
just duplicate so I got that frame
selected copy and I'm just going to
paste it boom boom you can see here on
the on the on the this is the actual
info window now how the actual time of
videos is changing that's because i'm
adding frames over there so now I've
added a bunch of fringe to the end I can
save my movie with dependencies take it
into into squeeze
and who cares if we drop those last
range I already put them there so so the
interesting thing in here is is the
actual editing capabilities now if I
could go back to them to the lights
please or did it with a picker has
anybody used add an ad scale or rather
have anybody not use at our ad scale in
the QuickTime Player I see a few hands
here in there okay this is a very
interesting feature where you can
actually in this case what I did is I
copied and pasted it which in QuickTime
terms when you paste media in actually
whatever you have the timeline or the
playback yet it will supply the current
media and it will insert whatever you
have in a clipboard in this particular
case I was at the very end so nothing
was pushed further down but there are
cases where you actually don't want that
you actually want the media to appear on
top or rather at the same time as the
current me you don't want to push
anything in the timeline so that's what
add an ad scale does in the QuickTime
Player I'll show to you in a sex if you
go edit add which is going to add the
media to wherever the location of the
playback here is without changing the
length of the new of the pasted or of
the added million I've scaled on the
other side is actually what i have in
this particular example is imagine that
you copying a track which is the green
one which has an expiration and you want
to fit it into that blue light blue
section which is shorter so what you
would do is you would actually select
that blue section in the movie that
where you're adding the new one and
select add scale in that case is
actually going to shrink the duration of
the one you are adding to feed that
selection which is really cool now in
this particular case be aware that the
sample rate will change so if you have a
video track and on the video track or an
audio track and then you add scale to
something smaller it's going to
accelerate and going to sound like the
chipmunks this is the same media in this
amount of time or if you extend the
reserve should we go
right there yeah we're of that acting
that with the second picture the second
slice so if I can go back to them to the
to them yeah you could okay now what I
have here is I've got i already prepared
this one I don't need this movie right
here but at track I've got the marina
movie already compressed I'll go over
the compression later but it has the
same it comes from the one that I that I
open earlier and it has the same
duration as my flash track now I think I
have a flash track over here and in this
particular case they both match
perfectly so for the flash drive come
and select edit or rather select all
first i'm going to select the whole time
keep the whole sample copy I've got it
in the clipboard and if I go to my new
my new movie now I can just go to this
we add an ad scale if I go ad scale
right now because I don't have anything
selected except just the frame where the
movie with a playback it is you would
just add the flash track to that single
frame now actually didn't oops i just
learned something here anyway i was
expecting to just appear on the first
frame but in this in this case you'd
actually appear on the whole on the
whole timeline which is exactly what i
want as you can see it matches perfectly
from the beginning to the end so so this
is the the example of a of an of an ad
of an ad track so now if i play remember
this this flash hat actionscript to
actually play the timeline pause the
timeline rewind the timeline so the
flash track is actually controlling the
whole quicktime player which is really
neat and i'll talk about the compositing
later but you can see right now i have
the flash on top of the video which is
not exactly what i want but i'll come
back to that in a few minutes when we
get into the
goes into the section so if I could go
back to to to the slides please there's
another situation typical situation
where you have video captured from an
analog source or even from a DV source
and you have noise on the edges of the
screen black lines or video noise in
analog video you would get terrible
noise at the bottom at the bottom of the
screen and when you compress your video
you don't want those black lines there
you want you don't want that noise
because you're bait you're wasting
bandwidth and you're actually
distracting your audience from that from
that added noise well if you have if you
have cleaner if you have squeezed you
can actually crop those things but there
are cases where you may want to just
crop those things in a movie that has
already been compressed or even compress
the movie in the quicktime player if you
so like for example if you want to use
the impact for codec now for that
particular example if i could just jump
back to the power of extremes what i
have is i have the same TV movie which i
don't know if you notice but it does
have terrible noise around it this black
line and when she exits the plane this
black lines they should get reading
really nasty so i'm going to remove
those black lines so if i can go back to
the to the slides so I can explain first
what I'm going to do thank you very much
what I'm going to do is I'm going to
generate a black image or actually in
this case I already generated a black
image which is slightly smaller actually
it's not so much the exact same size of
the document and it's not only black
it's black and white the white area are
the ones that are going to be removed or
cropped and the black areas of this mask
image are the ones that are going to be
kept so this I've done that in Photoshop
the way I did is I I took a screenshot
of my quicktime movie took it into
Photoshop and that's where I measure the
black area so if you see this document
in Photoshop it's a black and black and
white document that has that has the
black area covering the area that I do
want to keep in the video and I'm going
to go and set the mask in
the quicktime player and this is what
it's going to look like show if i can go
back to the powerbook i'm going to show
you how to do that so I've got my noise
movie here I've got my master was open
up but I was made in photoshop and
you're going to see that I've got the
white area over here on the black hair
in the center this has been already
measured to to to remove the black line
and in this particular case is a big
document so here's how you do it again
back in the movie properties window so
called gene for window I'm going to
affect video track and there's this
thing called mask one of the properties
of the video track right now it's set
the whole thing is set to black which
means show the whole screen but in this
case I actually want to just show a
smaller section of the video which was
defined by my black hair as you can see
the movie behind it actually changed
size and the black noise is all gone so
now I can compress this video without
getting that noise you can do that same
thing you can do the cropping in your
and your encoding to like cleaner or or
squeeze or heat flakes or whatever other
tool you use so so that's a very simple
example of masking so I'm going to leave
that moving over there and I need to go
back to the slides I think if I could go
back to the partner to the to the
keynote presentation please thank you
very much now this is sort of thing
where you can actually use graphic modes
to control what gets displayed on the on
the vid on the on the screen and I'm
going to go back to the powerbook please
and in this particular case what I've
got is the flash and the video now if
you select you can see a cat video
/ track now flash this is a great
feature of flash that most people maybe
don't know about but it has the ability
or rather by default it has an alpha
channel that removes the background and
quicktime player gives you access to the
to the graphics mode but it's called the
graphics mode as to how the flash track
is going to be rendered and i'm just
going to use the straight up and as you
can see the background of the flash
track disappear quite nicely I should
mind you that this is quite CPU
intensive because of the real-time
compositing that quicktime player is
doing now something a little bit more
interesting maybe maybe you guys know
about this and you have done that but
what about this it's got a quick that we
are here it's got a bunch of nodes you
can see the nodes over there Oh in these
Mexico and I also have this other
document in Photoshop you see that that
little logo it has transparency it's
it's actually saved as a pink document
that's a PNG so I have it over here save
it as a PNG document I'm going to open
it in a quicktime player now for some
reason I don't know why the quicktime
player does that it looks it looks awful
but that's not the way it's going to
look like after I apply the transparency
I'm going to select all copy or edit
copy go over here now if I try to paste
into the QuickTime vr you can't it's
grayed out but this is how you do it
quick WR works really interesting you
can actually do some important
modifications if you change the
controller of the movie to the regular
movie controller and now if i move the
timeline nothing changes in the timeline
but check this out I've got that
available now so I can select all my
timeline which doesn't do anything and
add scale which would actually show the
ping image to buy
the video or throughout the VR now I can
go back into the video track 7 was the
last one added this is my my logo let me
actually change the name first logo and
graphics mode I can apply the
transparency or the alpha channel story
of the ping document and now i just made
a really beautiful watermark now if i
try to play this quick time we are it's
not it's not showing us a quick time we
are because of the controller so i gotta
go back and set the controller for the
whole movie to be quick time here whoo
this is the part you go all that is so
cool we have we have 11 VR that that
actually has like a target so so it
appears in the center and it looks like
you can actually figure out the center
of the screen and take advantage of that
alpha channel to actually blend it into
the background and you can also drag
from over here as you can see just just
just applying a really beautiful logo
okay if I can go back to the to the
slide please another very simple well
not very simple very simple process a
very very powerful process is adding
multilingual capabilities to your
players and to your movies and this is
something that it's more and more
important now these things particularly
for example this presentation in the
morning where they're talking about
Japan and all these really beautiful
things that you can do in Japan and
we're getting the translation to
Japanese thank you very much for
everybody out there in the cabin so so
multilingual content is becoming way
more important out of these things and
what I'm going to do is I already have
to text tracks one in English and one in
Spanish for this particular VR that I
had done let me show you how you do it
so if I can go back to the powerbook
please I've got my my English and
Spanish text text documents when force
open them on the QuickTime Player both
of them and then I'm going to attach
them to the video or to the QuickTime vr
so it's pretty much the same text in
english and in spanish and it's just one
sample it's just one single text and
what I want is I want the text to appear
to the right of the movie
and stay there all the time so I'm going
to grab the English track select all
copy go back to the VR I cannot do
anything over here so go back in the gym
full window change the controller to the
movie controller at scale whoops select
all add scale so i added a text track i
need to move it around text track and
general i'm going to change the name to
english yes English change the size on
the location I hope I'm not going too
fast I know I'm going fast and i'm just
going to change the size to let's say to
20 or whatever x 240 1 73 x 24 ok done
so I've got the English track version
now let me add the Spanish track select
all for the Spanish copy go back into
the player at scale i have a whole time
and selected at scale the same thing i
added a new track i can just go into the
channel choose name too thanks bye no
change the size of the track adjust and
you will be thinking yeah you're adding
Spanish track on top of the English guy
that's not what you want well that's
actually what I want because quick time
is actually going to this is a drag
doing it with a just the drag and drop
but quick time is actually going to
select the Spanish and English track
right now I haven't defined which one is
which right now if you go to the
alternate section for the particular
track they all the both of both of them
appear to be English so actually the
Spanish is over the overlap in the
English but you could change the English
it's definitely English but it should be
an alternate for the Spanish track and
on the other hand the Spanish track
should be in Spanish
and it is an alternate for the English
track so now if you have a machine or if
you have a no answer that it's set to
spanish the spanish version will come up
and if you have a machine in English the
English version will come up I need to
change back the controller to quicktime
dr and i'm not going to change the
settings of my of my of my of my OS but
in the preferences pane if you drag and
drop the languages in there it will
change the language of the US which is
amazing especially for testing but you
can also change the language in the
quicktime player so right now i have the
default language which is english and as
you can see the english text track
appears on top even though the flag that
I mean the Spanish version is actually
one should be physically on top but if
you change the language to spanish then
the spanish version gets deployed so if
I were to deploy this move right now
somebody had Spanish OS they will get
that no questions asked no flickering no
nothing if they had an English OS on our
another OS they would get the English
version that is cool really cool and I
don't even notice that there's an accent
over there so it sort of handles and
particularly with QuickTime 63 handle
sticks much better okay now that I'm
over here another important thing that
you can do in the in the in the info
window which I will mostly recommend a
sanitation has anybody used annotations
a few of you guys you guys should use
annotations when you use annotations
pretty much what you're doing is you're
tagging your movie to be whatever
information you want in there and you
can add a ton of things and the
important thing is that certain
databases and more databases now in a
day are supporting this made of data so
the databases can actually retrieve that
data and returning on certain criteria
display the movies that fit that
criteria but so you can see this all the
things that you can add in there but
there's this particular one movie name
it's really cool see the name at the top
of the window which is X in the San
Miguel dot a movie that's the actual
founding you don't want that all the
time sometimes you want something
different I don't want the dot a movie
there yes so when you actually apply a
full name property in the annotations
that is the name of the object that
appears over here and it also changed
the name at the top so you can actually
use that somewhat to your branding and
also of course for the searching
criteria in your database so I'm going
to hold that blew me over there and I'm
going to go back to this line thank you
very much so that was the language thing
that was annotations we're definitely as
more and more content becomes digital
you definitely want to annotate it so it
could be found much much much easier now
this is the one that I was going to get
I love this example the other day I had
a student at school where he has a DVD
project he has a steel menu has a
transition that goes to another still me
and for those of you that have the that
have used DVD Studio Pro it actually has
a color shift it makes a color shift so
if I can go back to that to them to the
quicktime I mean to the powerbook please
let me show you what i mean and i'm
going to hide the quicktime player and
this is a typical DVD Studio Pro project
where you have a still image this is my
mind menu it has three buttons it's a
still image doesn't it has no video you
see there's no timeline and when you
click on the marmalade button I should
get a transition this is a video
transition in the impact to that that
goes to the last memory mini which is
also still me and this is what it looks
like if you actually open it on the DVD
player oh I open up the wrong
applications all right here's a DVD
player if you play this thing on the
player you're going to notice that the
first men you have
a gamma that tends to be relatively dark
let me go fullscreen and play so that's
that's the gamma and when I click on the
memory you're going to notice how the
colors in the shift transition is going
to happen and then it's going to flicker
again it's going to change the color
again so it becomes brighter and then
darker that's not cool that's definitely
not professional and the reason for that
is because the way DVD Studio Pro is
actually handling the compression of the
steel frames so you can actually work
around it let me do it again dark right
transition dark not cool really it's not
cool so the solution is this the
solution is turned that still menu into
a video mini but you don't want motion
you want still image well quicktime pro
to them aid and with this in five
minutes over there at school i'm going
to really be quicker over here because i
already person of the media and this is
my transition it comes from Final Cut
Pro I'm going to open it in in quicktime
player instead of going to Final Cut Pro
editing a frame and make it into the
video an expert in the whole thing blah
blah blah blah now quicktime player this
is what I've got this is my video that
gets turning to into impact to right now
68 the DB file and if you notice there
are six frames before the actual
transition happens or five frames or so
so I'm going to select those pressing on
the shift key you can see at the bottom
okay that's too much over here have five
frames copy make a new document paste so
I've got a new video that is just five
frames long you can actually see in the
in the gene for window five frames long
and I'm just going to paste a few more
ten frames long like an old copy paste
21 second long select all copy pings two
seconds select all copy paste for
6 8 10 click on copy Pink's 20 30
seconds I'm just going to make it 30
seconds long for the sake of argument
here so now I've got a 30 second video
of steel frame if i was to expert this
document as video it would actually be
one frame stretch through time but i
want to turn that now into MPEG 2 and
this is the part we're going to see the
little progress bar that's one and just
making in 30 seconds long and I've got
DVD Studio Pro 1.5 in style I don't have
final cut pro 4 but if you had final cut
pro for it would be he would be the same
the same deal pretty much and I mean a
DVD color shift and I'm going to shave
it here as my I always don't know how to
spell that one I hope that's the correct
spelling I use somebody mumbling that's
the wrong spelling ok same so this is
going to this is just going to compress
the mpeg-2 video and now that I have the
mpeg-2 video compress with the same
compression application than the
transition video there should be no
gamma differences between the two videos
which is which is why it's crossing the
actual flickering of the video and and
in this case this is this is how we
solve the problem of that particular
student by the way this is not the
project a particular student was working
on this is just some picture that I took
on the kitchen utility and its use for
my project here but now when I bring
this document into DVD Studio Pro and
attach the this video instead of an
actual still image behind for the mini
DVD Studio Pro will not flicker anything
or the DVD player will not flicker
anything so let me have it a QuickTime
Player go back to final cut I mean to
DVD Studio Pro I already made the one at
the end the the video for them for the
last menu and and this is how I'm going
to do it i'm going to select the image
for the recipe video for
recipe menu sorry the picture asset
right now it's a pict image I'm not
going to change anything except select
the video that I just made yeah that's
the wrong spinning I want to loop it now
go back to my memory video which is also
a pict image and apply my mpeg-2 video
that comes from QuickTime Player
marinade video where is that he picked
still me here we go that naming and if I
preview this document look forget to
forgot to look and if I preview this
thing i'm also going to prove it in the
player when i go to marinate there is no
color shift oh yeah for those of you
have used DVD Studio Pro you should be
going yeah because it is it is terrible
it makes your project not professional
and and if you're wondering if it really
works this is what it looks like once is
on the player and you're going to know
if there is no color shift so for those
of you using even if studio pro and we
want to do this my own so I go into the
marmalade section no color shift yeah
oh wow I'm flying this is great okay go
back to that I need to go back to the to
the slides please keep on loosing the
clicker so we're here so so in this case
what I have in the in the in the slide
is to actually instead of just copy and
paste in this light is actually to use a
text track and add scale to change the
duration I'm going to be really sincere
with you I'd leave that on the airport
coming here and it was not working for
me which still shifting colors I have no
idea why I'm really hoping and looking
forward for the stump the expert session
to bring that 19 but but in this case I
just copied and pasted the frame from
the fringe so that was a dime alleges it
sorry if I could go back to the slides
this is an important thing that most of
you should already know but some of you
may not know the difference between say
vas export and save as self-contained
and save as what quicktime means
normally and this is a very very
important thing if you bring me that's
why i bless my my media opened on the
player some of the media that i have in
there I want to save but without
recompression for example the one that
has the the the mask I want to compress
that one I want to make it into smaller
video that would be deployed on the way
right now it's a DB file on the other
hand the one that has the marina stop
animation that one has the flash player
on top which if I recompress the flash
player is going to be right around to
video on my interactivity is going to be
gone I want to keep the flash
independent from the video so that's
where you use the save or the export so
save ass is going to make a movie
self-contained actually say save ass
self containing me it's actually going
to make them with fast start so if for
any reason you have a movie that for
some reason when you deploy it on the
web it does not fast start it's because
something was changed in the movie when
he was saved
sometimes clean at five and I think Lena
six still have that bug you make a movie
that supposed to be self a fast start
and it does not fast are you have to
download the whole thing first and then
clean it you can fix that by opening the
moving the quicktime player save as
self-contained it will make it fast
start by default it compresses the movie
heavy and flattens the file which means
that it just makes it a little bit tiny
smaller and put the header at the front
of the document that's what makes it
five start he also copies the media to
the new file without recompression so in
this particular case what I have the
mirena movie and it's the flash track on
top reference to another external flash
document when I go save our self
contained it's going to copy the flash
media into the movie and will break any
dependencies from any other files which
is most important particularly on the
web so how many people have you seen
that you open up a QuickTime movie it
opens perfectly fine on your computer
even though it's coming from the web but
if you try it on another computer that
has exactly the same settings you open
up the movie and it has a winding
message from quicktime saying that the
media could not be found if you want to
search it well that's because the movie
was not safe as self-contained now save
normal it allows you to save references
on the media which means does not copy
the media think of the example where I
made the slatch the another slide show
the image sequence I have 75 documents
in there right now that will that will
be I have open on a quicktime player
it's actually referencing all 75
documents so if i move that movie
somewhere else i need to move all 75
movies somewhere else which is really
cool because if i do it on my machine
over here just by saving us as us with
the pendency that's normal i can just
make a real tiny document without
actually taking my hard drive or taking
a lot of space on my hard drive having
said that most of the times you would
not use that for for deployment another
thing is when you just save save normal
it breaks flash start so if you open up
a document you add a frame and you just
save that will not make it faster you
actually have to select file save as
self-contained otherwise
you will not be faster export export is
when you actually compress the media you
go file export well there's actually one
exception to that rule and it's when
you're dealing with quicktime VR but for
the most part when you're in video and
you select file export you will
recompress the media one typical mistake
that but that that newcomers to
quicktime do is they have a sore instant
video movie for example they take it in
in quicktime player then they select
file export thinking that they're going
to make it smaller Mairi compressing it
further yeah you will be recompress in
which is not what you want you know
already compressed movie you're actually
going to lose more quality than what is
already x lost but a cool thing is for
example in the case of the marina i'm
going to export the document and i'm
going to change the size i don't apply a
filter and and that's the one that i
ended up using in the player so if i
could go back to the to the powerbook
please that's my DVD Studio Pro project
you get out of there let me get out of
DVD Studio Pro and say well actually
there's nothing there that's because
everything should be in the quicktime
player so i show you this one don't need
to say that this is an example I've got
my actually this is not a good example
right now sorry that don't crash oh that
is not cool
okay he missed again I gotta prepare the
the image sequence again but it takes no
time so I'm gonna read for the image
sequence import image sequence or open
image sequence select my image sequence
for the marina at ten frames per second
and the one that I added that the flash
player too it was a 256 by 192 video
they also had different RGB values I
don't know if you noticed that that it
had more saturation it had better well I
think the colors I like the saturated
colors so in this particular case I do
want to compress this thing to a smaller
version right now it's itself it's a
it's a referencing movie that refers to
all 75 documents check this out see it
refers to all of this document but I
would I would I about all 75 so I want
to compress this movie because I want to
compress I go through the export not to
the same selection and I'm going to
compress to a QuickTime movie I'm going
to shave it in the right folder
otherwise I'm going to get lost now most
of the times you guys go into the
settings window and you set your codec
which is perfectly fine so I'm not going
to get into the detail of that there's a
whole session of encoding but I'm going
to get to this section here I mean of
you have used the filters button and I
scene about five or seven hands in the
room maybe 10 in total well the filters
would actually allow you to modify the
media as you get compressed similar to
the filters that you can apply in
cleaner 5 or shrinks or or squeeze or
whatever the only difference is that you
can only apply one filter at once which
is which is not good but in this
particular case I don't need to apply
much filters i am i'm actually going to
change my hue saturation and lightness
to make the colors a little bit more
vivid and you can see an example here of
how much this image is changing and this
is all so new in quicktime six I think
where you can resize the window nice and
you can see how how it's actually
becoming brighter and more saturated
which is which is what I want for that
for that particular slide show
so I already modify my hue saturation
and lightness as a filter and and also
the size I don't want this humongous 640
by 480 I actually want a 256 by 192
document so you click on the size button
and you can enter whatever size you want
and click cookie click OK and let me
save this document ass we're gonna
compressed and I'm just going to wait
for that little bar to go through it's
compressing the movie to mpeg-4 it has
no audio it's just the video but it's
resizing it applying a filter and I'm
applying the codec so those those those
features are quite nice too now I was
supposed to say that the QuickTime vr
movie that had the little logo but
unfortunately this thing crashed on me
big time and I'm not going to stop for
that so this is this is what it looks
like now the same as version you see the
color values are different file size of
course is quite different you can also
seen that in the info window the file
size of the original would be around 65
mix and the size of this new one whoops
that's another one the size of this new
one is is just 227 kilobyte so it has
been compressed has been applied filter
and this is the one which I added the
flash track for controlling so let me
actually do that let me actually go
through that process which is adding the
flash controller length matches copy
pings select all and scale go into the
gene for window for the flash track
apply the graphics known as you can see
I've been doing this for a while it's
already done get out of here now this
document here has pretty much everything
but if I go file export and we compress
again it's going to render the flash to
video and that's not that's actually
going to lose interest
tivity and right now if you take a look
at the files section here it actually
depends on two documents which is also
not good if I deployed this thing on the
web I need to save it as a single
document at that point that's where i
use that's where you would use save as
self-contained by default is safe
normally I don't understand why but save
as self-contained marina flash and
you're going to notice how them are in a
flash does not depend on anybody else
you can because I say that
self-contained it's also fast I'd so if
I upload this thing to the web server
it's going to start playing as soon as
it has enough media you don't have to
wait for the whole 227 kilobytes
download well on a 56k modem I guess is
quite a quite a bit of a of media okay I
said a preview once part of of of
quicktime pro and not many people know
about that but let me show you how
preview works if anybody ever heard or
or worked with QT iaf images quicktime
image format i think what's called and
nobody's raising their hand okay i'm
getting into a territory that has not
been touched by my audience okay cutie i
f images we set the perspective for that
how many of you have seen quicktime
movie that tries to be playing by the
windows media player on a Windows
machine and a few of you saying yeah oh
yeah well the reason for that is again
and and and and Frank was was talking
about it in the morning like for God's
sake having the three players on one
machine well some people do that
actually most people do that they have
three players and depending on which one
was the last one you installer the user
installed that would mostly times take
the extensions of other media files and
try to play those media files so what's
happening in that case is a windows
media player is trying to open the dot
mov document and of course having a
Sorenson video or an mpeg-4 which is not
supported by windows meaning I windows
media just says no your movie was not
authored property
that's totally his living what's
happening again is the windows meters
open in a QuickTime movie Apple had made
I don't know since when I think it was
quick time three but they came up with
this thing called quicktime image file
format which is images whatever images
that quicktime supports wrapped around a
quicktime container and save as white
call a cutie is is an image file the
good thing about those is that windows
media or real or nobody as of today have
appropriated that extension so you can
embed this cute eif image and then you
will definitely know that if quicktime
mission style quicktime will use that
image or quicktime will be used to
render that image on the web browser
which is really powerful and the example
is quite simple I have a picture taking
from my quick tell VR which is just a
pig I'm opening in Photoshop and now
it's actually simple text Wow anyway
this is just a pic that I'm going to use
in my web page just to be able to as
opposed to remove e that you click on it
and pops open my quicksand vrm movie so
this is a pic i'm going to open it up in
preview and because i do have quicktime
pro install or licensed as you would
expect you got an export option i'm
going to be really sincere with you that
export option is pretty useless in in
preview because it exports to the
typical file formats that you would know
which most of the times you would
actually want to do that in Photoshop or
in other applications but in this
particular case the cute eif image that
I want to create Photoshop does not
create cutie ief images for some bizarre
reason but preview dash clicked an image
so what what what if i click on the
options i can go and change my codec so
my pict i can turn into a jpeg and
wrapped her around the quicktime file
format with a dot cutie iaf extension
which windows me
or real will not dare to open because
those guys don't know a cutie is so
click ok click okie and i'm going to
call this thing just that time cutie
Anya safe and if I open that document
it's just a JPEG wrapped around the
quicktime container now i can grab that
image and better around HTML turn it
into a poster movie and the julia
child's thing you put it in the oven and
you just pull it out I already wrote my
my HTML for this while you actually was
actually it wasn't actually mean he was
page on which is free web application
what I would recommend you guys use that
right the HTML code for you ok sorry
that I should have shown you if I go to
the applications in here that's what
it's called page on and I think windows
too it's also always 90 s 10 and windows
it's made by brick I think in France
freeware I don't but if you go in if you
go to version tracker if you go to just
google and search for a page out and
quicktime it will you will find that
thing it's beautiful let me actually
show you how it works and in this case
i'm actually going to yeah i have a few
minutes for this if you just Dragon
Force opening page on what it does it
grabs the size hiking with if it was a
QuickTime movie you could specify the
one controller or autoplay in this case
I don't because it's just an image and
and actually I want to make it into a
poster image where you click on it it
opens up the quicktime we are in a quick
time player I think that's in the
Advanced section where I can specify an
href and what I want to open up in the
hof is my quick time we are moving copy
paste oops oops go run clinks want
things huh what did i do run ok I'm
changing the name over here that's
that's bad sorry about that the href is
my quicktime movie and i want to open it
in a quicktime player so what I'm doing
is I'm making a poster movie that it
will be appear on the owner on the web
browser you click on that poster movie
and not comes in the QuickTime Player
the QuickTime vr with the tags on my
little logo at the top so I'm entering
the URL quicktime player and if you take
a look over here to show code hahaha you
don't have to you don't have to make a
typo for that class ID anymore copy
going to be the edit or into your
favorite HTML editor which mine happens
to be be edit and paste the code
you choose the size over here so you
guys can read from the back and as you
can see it has the name of the source
the H RAF everything this program is
worth its download 15 million times in
dollars and so when you take a look at
the final version this is what the final
version looks like on safari which I
just haven't had the chance to upgrade
to the final version to the one point oh
but you're going to see I've got my
cutie is displayed by the quicktime
plugin and if i click on that baby I
should have my quick time we are popping
up in the quicktime player so that's
what a cutie i have image does and
that's what preview does I mean not many
people know that but preview is part of
of quicktime pro and the last thing that
I want to talk about today I'm actually
really happy with the timing I thought
that I didn't have enough time but this
is it I have a single node quicktime VR
it's just one node
and let's say that for some reason is
not fast starting you usually have to
download the whole quick come here for
some dishes something got broken in the
process now you need to make it fast
start well you would say file save as
but in this particular case this is the
only or QuickTime vrs the only exception
where if you go to export for the single
VR there's an option over here since
moving to fast start quicktime VR movie
which will actually flatten the
QuickTime VR and if you want you can
actually add you can add a preview image
so you could have a preview image but
it's lighted people what most people do
is they have a lower res version of the
QuickTime piyar you can have something
else maybe like your logo or like some
some other image doesn't have to be
necessarily the same the same the same
one and you can import it over here in
this case I'm not going to import i'm
just going to use the default which is
just grabbing a smaller version at blur
and this thing will actually make it
fast start i'm removing the spaces for
for web compatibility fast and articles
in this particular case the export will
not be compress the media will just
recompress for the preview but not the
actual vr so it's not going to lose any
further quality now the reason why i
have to click on be ours from this
particular folder is because this is
another typical example most well not
most people a lot of people they make
quick the VRS mostly for cd-rom listing
in a multi-node environment so this
particular movie it's a multi-node movie
which this is no number one if you go
down there that's node number two and if
you go over here into the kitchen and
I'll just walk the door you get node
number three so this there are three
nodes in here making the movie
relatively large if you take a look at
that at the Jim Crow window again we can
find out what size this thing is and
it's 570 case so let's say that 5560 k
is too large for your for your
and you don't want maybe they will never
click on the second on the second node
and you wasted all that bandwidth well
how many of you guys knew that you can
grab a multi-node quicksand we are in
the QuickTime Player go again into the
export window and because it's a quick
time we are a multi-node quick time we
are that the options changing here I
cannot make the single node as it appear
before but there's this other one down
below and actually some people
stretching their head to see at the
bottom of the screen it says separate
single node movies what this thing's
going to do is going to separate the
three nodes into independent movies now
this is really cool because you can also
generate some HTML now unfortunately I
think that hTML is relatively outdated
meaning I don't think it does at the
object tag but I really get you going so
you can control what what appears on
them on the HTML tag and its ass target
equals myself so it will actually
generate the HTML where it will keep the
note then not the number of the note and
the linking of the note so it targets
itself on the same thing you can go into
the flat layer and if you want you can
apply a preview your own preview
whatever click OK multi-node export save
and take a look at what quicktime vid
for us it made three movies which if I
open them individually these are my
three notes one out over here whoops
anybody working with quicktime we are
around here yes another node and another
note and it also made the HTML well
again it's not the full HTML it's just
the embed tag over here where you would
need to actually add the the object tag
but but if I just
do something like this if I make a new
HTML document new HTML document entitled
whatever and copy and paste one of these
guys in their taste in this particular
case because it's a firing I don't need
the object tag save ass let me shave in
the same location as my as my other V is
clicked NVR export and oops safe and if
I open that document in the web browser
it links to the three envy is because
you've already wrote the code with a
number of the of the ID numbers of the
other different nodes so if somebody
never clicks on this particular note
well they never get to download that
particular movie so that's say one on
bandwidth and the very last thing that I
want to talk about really briefly is
something called quicktime media links
has anybody ever heard of quicktime
media links okay you guys need to take
the advanced courses this this thing
this this quickly media links are if you
take a look at the QuickTime six
documentation the geeky side of the
apple site in the developer site it
talks about what it's called a
pre-flight movie or a pre-flight which
can test if you're moving or if you play
your compliance with certain playback
parameters and if it does it something
happens in this particular case in this
particular example let me let me go back
to to any where did my stuff go let's
stop demo files for the QT is let's say
that I want this quicktime VR movie that
we've with with that I've shown a number
of times nextera we wanted to go
fullscreen
but I want to make a go full screen
without actually going to live stage 4
or into anywhere else besides cut this
thing already done well you can make
what it's call a cutie a quick time
medialink document which all committees
just text document it's an xml text
document that will forge or i will
indicate the quicktime player to take
certain actions and the quicktime player
will help you create a text document if
you go file export you see down here at
the bottom it says whoops that's not the
one here move it to quicktime media link
and this is the one that will actually
make that that that document call a
pre-flight see the extension changes it
should actually save it here and I'll i
click on the options now the URL this is
the URL that is going to happen when
this document gets played or open what I
want is I want that URL which is the
quicktime VR movie to go autoplay in
controller to go full screen on the
quicktime player so I've got this thing
check for full screen now this will not
modify the quicktime VR movie this is
actually going to tell the quicktime
player that the movie in bed URL should
go fullscreen without even modifying or
touching the actual quick convey our
movie so I click oh ok let me save that
as the how do I want to call this thing
medialink the English safe if I take a
look at the find it it makes something
that appears with a QuickTime movie icon
it is a cutie l which actually if you
open it in bbedit it's a text document
now if you embed this document what I've
done in this case again they do the
child's name
I made a similar version of what I had
before where the one I'm embedding is
the QT I am see that in bed it's the QT
I the cutie i F sorry hold on what am i
doing all this quite advanced is the QT
I am linking to the QT IL which actually
triggers the quicktime VR did that make
anything okay you did make sense so if
we take a look at on the on the browser
we open this movie on the rest let me
actually quit the player altogether if I
open that in the browser I have my
quicktime image now when I click it will
trigger the QuickTime media link that
will in effect link to the quicktime VR
full screen all without changing the
actual quicktime we are so the player
starts to bounce off goes full screen
that's it so that concludes the that
concludes my presentation i'm just going
to flip over here to the to the roadmap
and if you guys want to flip over to the
podium Amy slide please okay so this
shows you're just really quickly and the
other sessions that we have going on in
this room in the room right on the other
side of this wall and this is for the
rest of the day you can map out where
you want to go and I'm amazing you want
to take some questions we don't have
much time though yeah we actually are
out of time so what I recommend that you
guys do is you know what Francesco looks
like now I'd recommend that you find him
throughout the conference he'll be here
for
are you here all week oh absolutely yes
all right so thank you very much and
actually let me show you we have contact
info here francesco and dmort is our
apple developer connection contact for
you guys all right one Java there's a
bunch of information there are different
URLs different books where you can get
some more information and to use the
quicktime player you can also use the
help section in a quicktime player just
go file or help and not many people know
that
you